Document slackgenie + opsgenie interaction (#3975)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/admin-exp/devops/opsgenie.md

- The [ObservableOwner](https://sourcegraph.com/search?q=context:global+repo:%5Egithub%5C.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph%24+ObservableOwner&patternType=literal)

(This process may change with https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/34861)

## Integration with Slack

Alerts can be sent to specific slack channels using the [Opsgenie slack integration](https://sourcegraph.app.opsgenie.com/settings/slack).

> [Slackgenie](https://handbook.sourcegraph.com/departments/engineering/dev/tools/slackgenie) is used to update a slack user group with members of a support rotation - e.g., updating the delivery-support slack handle so that notifications go directly to the on-call user.

Author: ```suggestion
[Slackgenie](../../tools/slackgenie.md) is used to update a slack user group with members of a support rotation - e.g., updating the delivery-support slack handle so that notifications go directly to the on-call user.
```
